=item __PACKAGE__->get_events({...})

Takes a hashref of whatever is in the config file.  Returns an arrayref of events.

Each event is a hashref, with keys...

=item event_desc

A long description of the event, as plain text (use double-newlines
for paragraphs), will be wrapped in <p> tags.

=item event_desc_html

This will be preferred over event_desc if it exists.

=item event_id

The id of the event, in the form of a uri.  Feel free to make up a
schema that represents this source.

=item event_url

A URL that mere mortals can be linked to representing *this* event.

=item event_name

A short name for the event.

=item owner_id

The id of the person/organisation that created this event on the site that is being scraped.  Probably uses the same schema as the event_id.

Unused when posting to Mobilizon.

=item owner_name

Human-readable name for the same entity as the owner_id.

Unused when posting to Mobilizon. (wonder where it would go!?)

=item start_time

The date & time (if known) that this event begins, as a DateTime
object. Can be unset, then times are expected to be in the
<L>/times</L> key.

=item tz_hint

A hit about the timezone that will be in effect at the time of the event at the venue.

FIXME: This was my idea, over Jess's exception, in the first place, and now I'm not sure about it myself.

=item updated_time

The last time we noticed the information about this event changing.

=item event_image

This is a hashref of data:

=over

=item url

The URL of an image representing the gig.

=item width

Width of the image

=item height

Height of the image

=item type

MIME type eg image/png

=item size

Size in bytes of the file

=back

=item venue

Information about the venue the event will be at.  FIXME: This is a
hashref in it's own right, document it properly.

A single line of text (and not a hashref) will be assumed to be the
venue name + address, it will be researched using Nominatim. Add to openstreetmap if missing!

=over

=item name

Human-readable name of the venue.

=item id

Optional string representing venue id, if available (if not we'll use "eventy:$count+1".

Unused for Mobilzon (using nominatim IDs)

=item latitude

Latitude of venue location

=item longitude

Longitude of venue location

=item street,city,zip,country

Optional Venue address in appropriate fields.

=back

=back
